Logcollector integration tests T0: Check location values (#1301)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_logcollector/test_location/test_exclude.md

# Test location - Exclude
## Overview 

> Check if logcollector works properly with different exclude and locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if logcollector works properly with different exclude and location values.

```

Author: Fixed in 8e8e84a2a739ed54d49446ac6e5db42ccb2d59dd
